Notes for Developers
--------------------

## Collaboration

To open discussion of collaboration possibilities, please email <svadhyaya.app@gmail.com>.

## Tasks

This app is early in development, with plenty to do. See

- `todo.md` file
- tags listed in `.todo` througout source files
- GitHub [Issues](https://github.com/vasudeva-chaynes/Svadhyaya/issues) list

## Environment

Development tools

- `git`: version control
- `ionic`: top-level app framework
- `AngularJS`: base app framework
- `angular-ui-router`: improved state management
- `underscore`: Javascript utility library
- `cordova`: cross-platform app framework
- `gulp`: development task manager
- `node`: development Javascript interpreter
- `python`: preferred language for stand-alone development tools
- `bower`: app package manager
- `karma`: test runner
- `protractor`: integration text manager
- `chrome`: development test browser (`Chrome Canary` preferred)
- `css` and `scss`: HTML style manager, and syntactically-superior development-time variant
- `coffee`: (coming soon) cleaner development syntax for Javascript
- `markdown`: preprocessor for simplified html markup
- `npm`: development package manager```
$ npm list -g --depth=0
/Users/home/.nvm/versions/node/v0.12.7/lib
├── coffee-script@1.9.3
├── coffeelint@1.10.1
├── cordova@5.1.1
├── ionic@1.6.4
├── ios-deploy@1.7.0
├── ios-sim@4.1.1
├── karma-cli@0.1.0
├── node-inspector@0.12.2
├── npm@2.13.1
├── protractor@2.1.0
└── xml2js@0.4.10$ npm list -g --depth=0
```

Recommended development environment

- `OSX`: e.g. Yosemite on Macbook Pro
- `GitHub Desktop`: makes routine git operations convenient
- `iTerm`: better terminal emulator
- `atom`: preferred for most text editing, with the following pluggins
```
~/.atom/packages$ /bin/ls
README.md		docblockr		linter-htmlhint
atom-beautify		editor-settings		linter-jscs
atom-html-preview	emmet			linter-pylint
atom-material-syntax	file-icons		linter-scss-lint
atom-material-ui	file-types		linter-xmllint
atomic-emacs		highlight-line		local-history
autocomplete-python	jshint			merge-conflicts
autoprefixer		jsonlint		pretty-json
color-picker		linter			select-rectangle
csscomb			linter-coffeelint	todo-show
csslint			linter-coffeescript	xml-formatter
```

TODO: document setup for development

## Config

The `www/data/config.json` file object has the following attributes, managed as indicated:

- `name`, `email`, `href`, and `version`: transferred from `config.xml` by 
`gulp config`
- `flavor`: set by `gulp flavor`
- `test`: true for specialized development test behavior
- `debug`: true for debug mode

Early in app initialization, the config object is stored stored as `$rootScope.config`.

## Flavors

You test and build with the current **flavor** of your choice. Change the flavor    with `gulp flavor --name NAME`. The distribution comes with support for the `test` flavor, but that may not be the current flavor of distribution branches.

There must be a subdirectory of `www/data/flavors` for every flavor in use, with structure similar to the test flavor.

`./resources` link points to `./data/flavors/<current flavor>/resources/` of the current flavor for to keep the `ionic resources` command happy.

## Tools

Run `gulp help` for annotated list of gulp project management tasks.

`gulp index` generates `./www/index.html` from `./index.html`, so edit only the latter. This avoids superfluous version control changes, as script injection order is unpredictable.

Python and bash scripts are in the `tools` directory.

### Bash scripts

- Run `psclean.sh` to remove stray processes that may be created by ionic development. If the message "An uncaught exception occurred and has been reported to Ionic" is seen, try running this script and confirm with the `ps` output that there are no stray processes. Kill them manually if need be.
- Run `resources.sh` after icon or splash screen images in resources directory are changed.
- `term.sh` is used by `gulp itest`.

### Python scripts

Python 2.6+ (maybe earlier) is needed to run `.py` scripts. Use `-h` argument for usage information. `cdeck.py --format_help` provides documentation on deck and compact deck file formats.

### jsdoc documentation

`gulp dengi` generates jsdoc documentation in the `doc/build/` directory.

TODO: flesh out this documentation

## `$rootScope` variables

- `config`: copy of configuration represented by `www/data/config.json`
- `settings`: copy of settings data saved in localStorage
- `questions`: array represented by the current deck's json question file
- `deck`: the current deck's state
- `card`: the current card from data from the `questions` array
