Svadhyaya
=========

SGS Datta Deepam Flash Card Application
---------------------------------------

*Svadhyaya* is a Sanskrit term for spiritual study. Its deep meaning isself-study, ultimimately leading to knowledge of the devine through unionwith Divinity itself. More commonly Svadhyaya means study of scripture:spiritually uplifting reading and reflection.

[SGS Datta Deepam](http://www.sgsdattadeepam.org) is devoted to Svadhyayaof Vedic Dharma: "SGS Datta Deepam is an online gurukulam envisioned by HisHoliness Sri Ganapathy Sachchidananda Swamiji which unravels the boundlesswisdom and truth in our Scriptures and brings to light the glory ofSanatana Dharma."

This "flashcard" app is designed to supports this site with an expandiingrange of flashcard "decks" (quetion databases). It is also suitable for a widerange of study through user-created flashcard decks.

## Support

Early users are invited to email support requests and suggestions to <svadhyaya.app@gmail.com>. Also feel free to submit a github issue or wiki contribution at [https://github.com/vasudeva-chaynes/Svadhyaya].

## For Developers

This app is early in development. See `todo.md` and (github issues)[https://github.com/vasudeva-chaynes/Svadhyaya/issues].

To open discussion of collaboration possibilities, email <svadhyaya.app@gmail.com>.

This app is early in development.
See `TODO.md` and (github issues)[https://github.com/vasudeva-chaynes/Svadhyaya/issues].

There is a `DEV-NOTES.md` file for developers.

To avoid Datta Deepam specific formating, define a `flavor` other than `dattaDeepam` in **www/data/config.json**.

Python 2.6+ (maybe earlier) is needed to run **tools/*.py** scripts. Use `-h`
argument for usage information. `cdeck.py --format_help` provides documentation
on deck and compact deck file formats.

### License

Svadhyaya code is licensed under the MIT Open Source license. For more information,
see the `LICENSE` file in this repository.

SGS Datta Deepam holds all-rights-reserved copyright on question databases developed in
support of its content and related files in `datta-deepam` folder(s).
